hey good morning family I'm excited to
be with y'all again today I have a a
part two of the video that I did uh
yesterday or two days ago whenever I'm
releasing this I'm going to tell you the
political stuff about what I saw about
2024 and for and like I said I'm a
prophetic intercessor and the Lord shows
me things to pray about I pray I pray
for the nation I pray for the economy I
pray for people's healings I everything
the whatever the Lord's what's on his
heart for that day and he will show me
things to come he does it all the time
this is my life and this is what I do so
um I I'm praying over 2024 right now and
I'm praying I do every at this time
every single year this is my my prayer
my prayer topic I start praying for the
for the next year and so this is the
things that he showed me so far I'm sure
I will get a lot more it usually does
happen so I'm just saying so but uh this
is so far of what the Lord has showed me
so and and I want to say this I am not
um saying that this person will be the
president of the United States because
he did not say that the Lord did not say
that I'm just telling you what I saw and
what you what I saw is I'm not going to
add to or take away from anything
okay I saw Michigan
I saw
Minnesota I saw uh
Ohio and and and all of a sudden I saw
red red people red with white letters
across their hats across their shirts
across the across them but it was shiny
these shirts were shiny looking they
were red shiny shirts and it had me mega
mega m m a g a written across it and big
white letters but in between each letter
was a star from the United States of
America flag that kind of a star okay
and it was in between the letters of
each one of these things I did not know
what it was at first because I did not
see the white letters until the Lord let
me focus in on it in the vision when I
was praying and I could I I I could pray
and I could see then what the Lord was
showing me was uh the me me mega okay
and it was on these shiny red things and
I could see it building and building and
building and building and building it
was like it was like waves it was moving
you know like when you're in a
stadium and you see the W Red Wave like
that like a wave like the wave you know
the wave it was like that but it was it
was grow gr and growing but it was
growing over this area
Michigan Detroit Michigan all that up
there it was all starting to come and
then all of a sudden it started moving
down and started going uh south from
there Iowa um and it went down over uh
Nebraska Kansas all of it but whenever
it got to
Oklahoma I saw they look like
transparent ambers
they were all over Oklahoma but they
look like they were on fire like ambers
that were on fire ambers like like um
from Maple trees you or like sap it
looked like that but you could see it
was transparent over Oklahoma these
little red Mega things turned into
ambers they look
like help me holy
ghost almost like candy I don't know how
else to say it but it was all over but
then they became on fire okay and all
those became like they were on fire and
I saw like torches over this area but it
was just over Oklahoma which I thought
this was interesting it went down into
Texas a little bit but it didn't cover
it very much just the front for like
Fort Worth Dallas Fort Worth area north
and I had a list of all all the states
that I saw turn red okay and I saw five
I believe it was five states that I saw
trouble in and I
saw of course
Oregon um uh Washington and California
were blue instantaneously blue okay and
then I saw Hawaii blue or red uh Alaska
and I saw uh trouble in Arizona okay
this is what what's interesting Arizona
turned into it was I saw blue but there
was a red on top of the blue but it made
it into a different shade of red it was
it was like the blue was turning red and
it was like it was a different Crimson
like a like a deeper red but it was it
was I saw trouble there okay that's
that's all I can say about it I saw New
Mexico red I saw Utah it was red Wyoming
red um Colorado blue uh Montana red
Nevada it was more blue it it was it
turned blue okay then oh Idaho was red
and then it went Texas red and then I
saw it spread throughout uh the South
and it was red and I saw trouble in
Georgia and I saw uh it was like
something was going on with Georgia
again praying Over Georgia there was
blue spots but the main part of it was
red the way the people were were were
voting I guess because I saw this m m
Mega and and then all of a sudden I saw
the storm over Donald Trump now I'm
going to tell you this I did not see him
president now you can assume what I'm
going to tell you because all the drama
that happened in 2020 I'm not getting
into that I'm just telling you what I
saw okay so you can you can pray about
it and if you believe that's what the
Lord's saying in this whatever but I'm
not saying he wins or loses so um I saw
him uh I heard the spirit of the Lord
say this I have did you do you not can't
you not tell Brandon that this is a
refining ref fire that he is going
through right
now don't you know that he is being
molded in in in in a Refiner's
Fire I saw him through all of the stuff
that's going through the trials and all
the things like this I saw him going
through the pressure on the Potter's
will being
molded broken down humbled and all of a
sudden I saw the Lord Jesus I saw Donald
Trump and I saw him on one knee and he
was he was bent over with one knee
touching the ground and one knee that he
was like this and he had his head down
and he was weeping before the Lord and I
saw the Lord Jesus Christ touching
Donald Trump's head and he was he it was
like he was he was praying for him I
don't know you know whenever you have
your head on something like this like
you're anointing him like that and I saw
a glow
all around him while he was crying on
with his hands like this and he was he
was kneeling down before the Lord with
one knee and one knee up one knee and it
was like one knee and he had like he was
in a prayer stance like like a Tim TBO
like a like that you know I don't know
how to how how to just say it but that's
how he was he was before the Lord he had
a blue suit on with a white uh with a
white shirt and a red tie
okay and he was down on his hand he had
he was praying and the Lord Jesus had
his hand on his head and I saw glow all
around
him and all of a
sudden
uh I told you what I saw about uh the uh
Canada America and uh
Mexico I saw him trying to fix
everything trying to he was getting
downloads from the Lord like a
Solomon there was it was
divine uh speaking to him on How to Mend
and fix everything that was destroyed
from this I
saw tens of millions of people coming
from the Mexico border the southern
border trying to invade America over the
next uh year okay I'm talking but it
wasn't all people that were uh uh from
Mexico they were from all over the world
I literally saw millions of people
coming Millions so much that you know
whenever you're in a crowd um at at a
football field at a big concert that
they're stacked upon stacked upon
stacked upon stacked all in it lines is
like a sea of people all a sea of people
coming from across trying to come across
the border but that like all at once all
like trying to come at once and they
were all there was nothing they could do
there was so many people you know what
I'm saying during this next year this
was what was happening 2024
okay and I could see the
people George Soros and uh Charles swab
Char and and uh these other big people
thought like I said it's done there's
nothing they can do to salvage uh the
America there's nothing I can do to fix
this we've we've accomplished what we we
needed to accomplish and um because the
dollar was destroyed everything was
destroyed I saw 50 cents on the dollar
it was completely a a a
depression but out of what looked like
complete Devastation and and no repair
there was like it was like you're done
TKO it's
over I saw a Divine wisdom coming on
Donald Trump I saw a glow around him a
holy ghost wisdom from like a Solomon
like I said rising up in him on How to
Mend and fix
things and over a course of
time over that 4 year
period
2025 was was awful 2026 was not as bad
2027 was getting better by 2028 things
were were building back but it was
nothing compared to what it was and
then oh thank you Holy Spirit um I
saw uh it looked like cuz he wouldn't
let me see past that I saw
clouds I saw the glory 2020 2027 2028 I
saw the glory I saw uh uh it looked you
know like when you see clouds and
thunderstorms that are growing like this
that's the way it looked in the spirit
real whenever I was when I was praying
but he wouldn't let me look past it he
it stopped he wouldn't let me look into
it sometimes he will but some the Lord
will and sometimes he won't but this
time it was like you it's not time for
you to see into that so I was not
allowed to look into it spiritually when
I'm praying so I I saw
April of
2024 I saw the eclipse and in behind the
eclipse I saw the darkness of the
eclipse going over America okay I saw a
storm in front of the eclipse but inside
of the storm it was the most vicious
storm that that I've ever seen before
when I'm looking into the spirit realm
there was lightning that was shooting
all out it was an electric storm the
lightning was coming so Fierce and so
intense that some of the lightning bolts
were frozen in time coming out of the
cloud that was covering the
eclipse now I don't know what this meant
but I think it was interesting so it was
behind the cloud and the the eclipse was
a gold I could see colors of gold and
red and different yellows and all from
the sun behind the mo from the Sun from
the Moon and then the the storm so you
could see the clips happening but you
couldn't really make it out because the
storm was so intense in front of
it which which was which was really
interesting but it was just lightning
like like I said it was lightning and it
was all in front of this this um Eclipse
that was taking place over America in
2024 in April you can basically add up
what you want to about it you know I I
have not seen this
before I've told you I've seen Gavin
I've seen Michelle I haven't seen them
anymore when I pray and I'm I'm I'm like
I said I'm a prophetic intercessor I see
these things and I know we can change
things there's some things we can change
there's some things we can't but I saw
him for
forever and up
until a month ago I saw him almost every
time I prayed I saw him when I was
praying and when he had the debate with
Ronda Santos or santz or whatever his
name is
um after that happened I haven't seen
him anymore I I and I'm just being real
with y'all I'm not trying I I haven't
seen Michelle again
I saw I saw I told you I saw Biden last
video I saw Biden when I was praying so
I don't know where what happened to
these people I don't know if they're
going to come around still I don't know
all I know is is I I don't see their
faces and the Lord had showed me this
they're trying to this is going to try
to be the Democratic person and and I
haven't seen Carrie lake anymore I saw
her for a while and so you know I don't
know it's really really strange you know
this it's just what the Lord shows me I
I I don't have control of the gift he
does and he lets me he tells me what I'm
praying about so um but this is the
first time I've ever seen Trump ever in
a long long time even like since since
the begin the F like 2020 whenever he
told me he wasn't going to win last time
and he said this is not going to happen
they're going to steal and this is going
to happen with the election they're
going to it's fraudulent he he warned me
about all this stuff now he's telling me
he and I have these things when I'm
praying over 2024 shows me the red I saw
the mega and I saw all the stuff I'm
telling you about and and now I see him
on a knee praying I saw then the Lord
touching his head and I hadn't seen any
of that so I thought he was he was done
he was out of the picture so like I said
I Pro I see in part I hear in part and
and who knows you know if he's going to
be the the winner of all of it but for
what I saw it looks pretty promising so
I'm not going to get into it and say
well for sure that's what's God's said
because God didn't say that he told me
to pray for this and I saw a glimpse of
something so you all can pray with me I
hope this blessed you you know because
there's a lot of people be excited about
it some people won't I don't care I'm
just telling you what it's all and so
um that's what I have for you today uh I
hope like I said do with what you want
so if I'm I'm going to pray for you all
father I thank you for every single
person that is represented here today I
plead the the blood of Jesus Christ over
every single person I thank you Father
that they have the mind of Christ
according to 2 Timothy 1:7 God has not
given them a spirit of fear but of power
and of love and of of a well balanced
mind they can do all things through
Christ who strengthened them I thank you
Lord for Supernatural increase over
their house I thank you Lord that the
increase of of over their finances for
the blessing we we thank you Lord for
for their finances that they're able to
do exceedingly you're able to do
exceedingly abundantly above all that
they dare ask or think according to the
power that worketh through them I thank
you Lord that they have creative ideas
to get wealth today I thank you for
Supernatural ability to get wealth I
plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
their finances I thank you Lord that
they do not struggle I thank you that
they're the head and not the tail above
and not beneath I thank you for good
days ahead of them in 2024 they will
hear you and they will have more to be
able to do ex do do whatever you tell
them to do for this for what's coming I
thank you Father that even maybe Lord I
believe that we could turn around 2025
but father I know what you showed me so
many times about 2025 father I thank you
Lord that we would hear your voice and a
strangers voice will not follow I thank
you Father that we hear you and that we
will not be tormented by satanic or
demonic forces I plead the blood over
every single one of these people from
the top of their head to to The Souls of
their feet that no calamity comes nigh
them I thank you Lord that the Angels
would bear them up in their hands L they
Dash their foot against a stone I thank
you Father that their marriages are
restored and their marriages are strong
I pray for every single person that is
represented here that father if they
have a marriage that is that is need and
restored I pray peace over that marriage
I pray peace over that home I call their
their children blessed I thank you
Father their children are are are are on
fire for Jesus every single one of them
that are represented here father their
children are turning back to you if
they're Wayward I thank you Father that
the the husbands are turning back to you
or wives are turning back to you I pray
for Restoration in all homes father that
they would train their children up in
the way they should go and when they get
over they will not depart from it I
thank you Father for for for healing in
their bodies no cancers no nothing no
nothing comes not them healing and
wholeness and wellness from the top of
their head to the SES of their feet
they're healed and whole and well in the
name of Jesus we thank you Lord that
they're delivered from sickness and
disease father I thank you Lord that you
became a curse for us that we don't have
to have it that by the strip to Jesus we
are healed and whole and well in the
name of
Jesus and I thank you Father for it I
thank you Father for peace that passes
all understanding during this holiday
season this beautiful Christmas season
that you've given us father I thank you
Lord we acknowledge you we give you all
the glory honor and praise we take
authority over depression people might
be battling depression father during the
holiday season father I thank you Lord
that no depression comes nigh them they
are delivered from depression they're
delivered from the holiday Blues father
I thank you Lord that they have the joy
of the Lord is their strength they have
Joy inside of them they have joy that's
rising up on the inside of them they're
praying and seeking Lord that you give
us a Garment of Praise for a a spirit of
heaviness I thank you Lord they will
they will learn to praise and worship
and father I thank you Lord that you
inhabit the Praises of your people and
that you give them a spirit of Joy
inside of their hearts father you said
Peace I leave with you my peace I give
to you and I thank you Lord that peace
that is over them today that you are the
Prince of Peace shalom shalom in your
life in Jesus name so I just want to say
thank you if you could
please click that notification Bell
click a thumbs up for me uh if you could
uh be a part of my my little Community
here by subscribing please subscribe uh
do all the things that would help me you
every single time you help me by the
comment section or whatever you are
putting the gospel throughout the whole
world literally we are getting people
saved throughout the whole world we're
getting them touched by the power of God
and I just want to say thank you because
it without you all this would not happen
and I just want to say thank you so
please please help me by doing that I
just want to say put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart Jesus
loves you so much and we love you and we
will see you next time y'all bye-bye